So over this module, we added a lot of features which are typical to user authentication,
all of them running in our vue application. We got this token which we fetch, which we get when signing
out and signing in which we store in both vuex and the more persistent local storage, we get auto
logout and login functionality,
we got a UI that takes our authentication status into account by updating the header and blocking access
to dashboard if we're not authenticated
and with that we got a lot of useful features implemented into our application, into our demo application
here.
Now feel free to play around with that and enhance it adjust to your needs
and of course add it to your next project because these are all powerful and very interesting features
which you might need in a lot of web apps you're building.